What is Shina bridge?

Shina Bridge is a cross-chain bridge that allows exchange of crypto assets (e.g., fungible/non-fungible tokens, stablecoins) between Ethereum or Binance Smart Chain and Shinarium blockchains. The Bridge is used to migrate assets from one chain to another. If you have assets on Ethereum or Binance Smart Chain, you can use the bridge to move them to Harmony blockchain and get corresponding assets on Shinarium. Shina Bridge also allows redemption of the exchanged assets back at any time. Shina Bridge Bridge is accessible here.​

Is there a tutorial explaining how to use Shina Bridge?

There is bridge process step-by-step explanation​

What account can I use to receive bridged tokens?

You need to be able to open your wallet in the network you sent your tokens to. Check that there are no network restrictions that prevents you from it. Also check if there is no limitations on a token type you can receive. Never send tokens to an exchange account!

Can I bridge tokens to the contract address?

No, bridging to contract address directly is not supported. It might result in permanent loss of your tokens.

What kind of assets can be bridged using Shina Bridge?

Oracle 1LINKNatives
1SHINA (Wrapped $SHINA on Ethereum) - no redeploy required
bscSHINA (Wrapped $SHINA on BSC) - no redeploy required
ETH
1ETH
bscSHINA (Wrapped $SHINA on BSC) - no redeploy required
BNB
bscBNB (Wrapped BnB on Shinarium)
1WBTC
Stablecoins
1USDC
1USDT
1DAI
1BUSD
bscBUSD
Partners
1AAG - no token redeploy
1FRAX
1FXS
1SUSHI
xSUSHI
1AAVE
You can find the list the bridged assets here​
How are assets mapped between blockchains?
Assets are mapped 1:1. For example, 10 BUSD on Ethereum after bridging will be available as 10 1BUSD on Shinarium. Here, “1BUSD“ is the token symbol of the token on Shinarium corresponding to “BUSD“ token symbol on Ethereum.
Same 1:1 mapping holds true for Binance Smart Chain. However, the assets from two different parent chains (Ethereum or Binance Smart Chain) after bridging will be represented using different bridged assets on Shinarium. 
For instance, 5 Binance Smart Chain BUSD after bridging will be available as 5 bscBUSD on Shinarium. Here, “bscBUSD” is the token symbol of the token issued on Shinarium corresponding to “BUSD” token symbol on Binance Smart Chain.
And, the 1BUSD and bscBUSD on Shinarium chain are not interchangeable, meaning one cannot bridge BUSD from Ethereum to Shinarium and then withdraw it on Binance Smart Chain. Same for other tokens.
What token will I get after bridging?
Please refer to this page to find out.
Can I bridge as many tokens as I want, or is there a limit?
There is no limit on the amount of tokens that can be bridged.
Can I send my bridged tokens back?
Yes: you can bridge tokens back and receive back the same amount of the original token there. For example, you bridged USDC from Ethereum to Shinarium and got 1USDC token on Shinarium. At any time you can bridge 1USDC back to Ethereum and receive USDC token.
Can I send the Ethereum bridged tokens to Binance?
No, Ethereum bridged tokens can only be sent back to Ethereum. Same applies for Binance bridged tokens.
Can I send bridged tokens from Shinarium blockchain to other blockchains or exchanges?
No, do NOT send bridged tokens directly to other blockchains or exchanges. This will not work and might result in permanent loss of your tokens. Bridged tokens can only be used on Shinarium network. The only way to send them out is bridging them back.
Are bridged tokens transferable?
Yes. You can transfer the bridged tokens to other users, and they can redeem them back to their Ethereum or Binance accounts. This is possible because when you lock your token, it gets pooled into a bridge smart contract from which any redeem request can be serviced without tying the locked tokens and redemption to a specific user account.
What happens to my original tokens after I bridge them to Shinarium?
Once you use Shina Bridge to transfer your original tokens to Shinarium, the original tokens get stored and locked in the Shina Bridge contracts: you do not own those tokens on Ethereum or Binance anymore. You receive the same amount of tokens on the Shinarium blockchain.
Does the token supply increase when using Shina Bridge?
No: The supply of the original token never change as a result of using Shina Bridge: Shina bridge locks a certain amount of a token on Ethereum blockchain (essentially taking it out of circulation) and mints the exact same amount of tokens on the Shinarium blockchain, that represents in all respects the original token (i.e. regenerating the locked supply). As a result, the circulating supply of the original token will stay the same: it's just split across two different blockchains instead of one.
Which coins do I need to pay the transaction fees on the bridge?
It depends on which blockchain you want transfer assets from. If it is from Shinarium blockchain, you need $SHINA tokens, if it is from Ethereum you need ETH tokens, from Binance Smart Chain (BSC) BNB tokens and so on.
What’s the cost of using the bridge?
Cost of the bridge operation consists of the Shina Bridge bridge fee and costs of transactions. You'll see the page with the fee information that you need to confirm before the operation. Transaction fee depends on the chain gas prices and are confirmed in Metamask before the transaction. Shina Bridge fees are calculated dynamically based on Oracle and Relayer prices for the destination chain. They are transferred in the same transaction as the bridges amount. Fees are paid in native tokens of the first chain, so if you transfer any token from Ethereum, you pay fees by ETH token, $SHINA for Shinarium and BNB for Binance.
