What is Shinaswap?

Shinaswap is TOP 1 DEX on the Shinarium Chain! It has a unique Multi-type Referral Program, the lowest trading fee of 0.2%, and profitable features. The opportunities we provide attract users and potent projects. 
For instance, Shinaswap established powerful partnerships with Ventures, Launchpads, and other DAaps such as Binance, BetFury, Alpaca, LaunchZone, Beefy, and more. Would you like to become one of them?

Why Choose Us?

Global Exposure

Get access to 500K+ growing users across the globe

Liquidity

Projects launched on Shinaswap Launchpool will be listed and have high trading liquidity.

Token Distribution

Your token will be instantly distributed to a large user base that holds your token.

Trading Competition

Biswap will organize a tournament dedicated to your project to maximize trading volume with your token. 

Marketing Boost

Your project will be promoted across all our social media platforms with an audience of over 50K+. 

New Opportunities

Your token might also be added to Shinaswap Farms with a high APR

Launch Your Project on Shinaswap Now!

Farms stimulate users to provide liquidity for your trading pair by distributing $SHINA tokens to your pair’s LP token holders. Launchpool is a platform where a project owner can distribute tokens to Shinaswap users who stake $SHINA tokens in the pool. When a project applies for Shinaswap Launchpool, we can also create a new farming pair (subject to discussion). 
Shinaswap Launchpool and Farms are platforms that help project teams promote their token and get exposure to 50K+ Biswap active users across the globe. We look for strong teams with a clear and innovative vision in the crypto space. If you think you are one of the projects, do not wait any longer and apply below. 
Shinaswap team is ready to allocate $50,000 for the trading tournament only for the ten best projects that will add their token to Shinaswap Launchpool. 
                                  ​
Listing on Shinaswap

How do I have my token listed on the exchange?
Anyone can list a SRC-20 token on Shinaswap. There is no need to contact our team or ask for permission. Everything you need to do is to add liquidity to the liquidity pool. Once added, users can trade your token by entering your token’s contract address. 
Is it possible to add my token to the default list?  
Shinaswap does not accept requests to add tokens to the approved list. For your token to be added to the default list, you must apply for the Launchpool. 

Contact Information

In case the above sections do not cover your questions, you can always send an email to support@shinarium.com
Bloggers Outreach:  listing@shinarium.com 📩  or in Telegram: @pr_shinarium ✍️ 
Please, be aware that we receive many applications and appreciate your patience. While we endeavor to process them as quickly as possible, we cannot provide any direct feedback on your application if it does not pass our initial review based on the current stage of your project. 
Beware of scammers! Do not reply to messages sent from unofficial communication channels of Shinarium.
