What is Shina Browser?

Shina browser and the Shina search is an improved alternative to Google Chrome and Google Search on the blockchain, having advanced security, earn unlimited crypto rewards with a secure, browser-native wallet to buy, store, send, and swap your crypto assets. market share, respectively..

Desktop browsers
To set Shina Browser as your default search engine on Desktop devices:
Right-click in the address bar, and select Manage search engines
Find Shina Browser under Other search engines, and click the ⋮ (vertical ellipsis) beside it.
Select Make default

Shina Browser will appear in the list of default search engines, with (Default) beside it.

You should now be able to search directly from the address bar of your browser.
If you don't see Shina Browser in your list:
If you don’t see Shina Browser as a default option, you’ll first need to click the Add button next to Other search engines.
In the popup that appears, enter the following:

Search engine: Shina Browser

Keyword: Shina

URL with % in place of query: https://search.shina.com/search(To be Live)
Press the Return or Enter key on your keyboard. Shina Browser will appear in the list of default options.
If needed, refer back to step 2 above to set Shina Browser as default.

Mobile browsers

To set Brave as your default search engine on Android devices:
Tap the Menu button in the toolbar.
Go to Settings --> Search Engines
Tap Standard Tab

Select Brave from the list

You should now be able to search directly from the address bar of your browser.

To set Shina Browser as your default search engine on iOS devices:

Tap the Main menu button.
Go to Settings --> Search Engines
Tap Standard Tab.
Select Shina Browser
You should now be able to search directly from the address bar of your browser.

What makes us unique:

The Shina Browser provides the stringent protections users demand, and Shina Browser follows those same principles: 
Shina browser is private: it does not track or profile users.
Shina browser is user-first: Shina Browser serves the user first, not the advertising and data industries. 
Shina browser offers choice: We will provide options for ad-free paid search and ad-supported search. We are working on bringing private ads to search, as we’ve done for Shina user ads.
Shina browser is independent: We will rely on anonymized contributions from the community to improve and refine Shina browser. Prior to this innovation, producing quality results could be achieved only by Big Tech companies, which took many years and tens of billions of dollars to crawl the entire Web continually.
Shina browser is transparent: we will not use secret methods or algorithms to bias results. We will explore multiple community-curated open ranking models to ensure diversity, and prevent algorithmic biases and outright censorship.
Shina browser is seamless: we will offer best-in-class integration between the browser and search without compromising privacy, from personalization to instant results as the user types.
Shina browser is open: we do not believe in walled gardens and, as such, we will offer Shina browser to power other search engines.

Shina Browser Features:

Shina Browser Safe web
Shina Browser Firewall & VPN
Shina Browser zero privacy-invasive ads
Shina Browser Chromium Web core
Shina Browser Rewards
Shina Browser Rewards latest blockchain news
Shina Browser upcoming airdrops
Shina Browser industry event calendar
Shina Browser NFTs
Shina Browser Search & Ad blocker
Shina Browser Secure & Tracker Blocker
Shina Browser Multi-Wallet
Shina Browser Incognito & Extension
Shina Browser Wallet in Crypto Browser embraces human-readable crypto handles, supporting transactions with domains from YAT, ENS, FIO and Unstoppable Domains, and various resolutions for websites.. 
Want to keep up with the latest Shina Browser news and updates? Join the conversation:
More ways to get involved can be found on our Contact Us page.
